[Cantonese] "How's everyone? Wish
you peace. health and happiness."
[Akkadian] "May all be very well."
[Russian] "Greetings! I welcome you!"
[Thai] "Hello friends from farland."
[Thai] We in this land have
sent you warm greeting to you all."
[Arabic] "Our greetings to
the friends amongst the stars."
[Arabic] "We wish that
time would unite us."
[Romanian] "Regards to everyone."
[French] "Hello. everyone."
[Burmese] "Are you well?"
[Hebrew] "Peace."
[Spanish] "Hello and
greetings to everyone."
[Indonesian] "Good night.
ladies and gentlemen...
[Indonesian] "Goodbye and..."
[Kechua (Quechua)] "Hello
to everybody from this Earth...
[Kechua (Quechua)]
"...in Quechua language."
[Punjabi] "Welcome home. It
is a pleasure to receive you."
[Hittite] "Greetings."
[Bengali] "Hello! Let there
be peace everywhere."
[Latin] "Greetings to
you. whoever you are...
[Latin] "...we have
good will towards you...
[Latin] "...and bring
peace across space."
[Aramaic] "Hello"
[Dutch] "Sincere
greetings to everyone."
[German] "Warm greetings to everyone."
[Urdu] "Peace be upon you...
[Urdu] "We. the
inhabitants of this earth...
[Urdu] "send our greetings to you."
[Vietnamese] "...greetings to you."
[Turkish] "Dear
Turkish-speaking friends...
[Turkish] "...may the honors of
the morning be upon your heads."
[Japanese] "How are you?"
[Hindi] "Greetings from
the inhabitants of the earth."
[Welsh] "Good health
to you now and forever."
[Italian] "Many greetings and wishes."
[Sinhala] "Wish You a Long Life."
[Zulu (isiZulu)] "We
greet you. great ones...
wish you longevity."
[Sotho (Sesotho)] "We
greet you. O great ones."
[Wu] "Best wishes to you all."
[Armenian] "To all those who exist...
[Armenian] "in the
universe. greetings."
[Korean] "Hello"
[Polish] "Welcome. beings
from beyond the world."
[Nepali] "Wishing you a peaceful
future from the earthlings."
[Mandarin Chinese] "How's everyone?
We all very much wish to meet you...
[Mandarin Chinese] "if you're
free please come and visit."
[Ila] "We wish all of you well."
[Swedish] "Greetings from
a computer programmer in...
[Swedish] "the small university
town of Ithaca on the planet Earth."
[Nyanja] "How are all you
people of other planets?"
[Gujarati] "Greetings from...
[Gujarati] "...a human
being of the Earth...
[Gujarati] "Please contact."
[Ukrainian] "We are sending
greetings from our world...
[Ukrainian] "wishing you
happiness. health and many years."
[Persian] "Greetings to
the residents of far skies..."
[Oriya] "the universe from the
third planet Earth of the star Sun"
[Ganda (Luganda)] "Greetings
to all peoples of the universe...
[Ganda (Luganda)] "God
give you peace always."
[Marathi] "Greetings. The people of the Earth send their
good wishes and hope you find good fortune in this life."
[Amoy] "Friends from
space. how are you all?
[Amoy] "Have you eaten yet?
Come visit us if you have time."
[Hungarian] "We are sending greetings in the Hungarian
language to all peace-loving beings on the Universe."
[Telugu] "Greetings. Best wishes..."
[Czech] "Dear Friends.
we wish you the best."
[Kannada] "Greetings. On behalf of
Kannada-speaking people. 'good wishes'."
[Rajasthani] "Hello to everyone...
[Rajasthani] "We are happy
here and you be happy there."
[Ancient Greek] "Greetings
to you. whoever you are..."
[Portuguese] "Peace and
happiness to everyone."
[Cantonese] "How's
everyone? Wish you..."
[Kechua (Quechua)] "Hello
to everybody from this Earth...
[Kechua (Quechua)]
"...in Quechua language."
[Punjabi] "Welcome home. It
is a pleasure to receive you."
[Hittite] "Greetings."
[Bengali] "Hello! Let there
be peace everywhere."
[Latin] "Greetings to
you. whoever you are...
[Latin] "...we have
good will towards you...
[Latin] "...and bring
peace across space."
[Aramaic] "Hello"
[Dutch] "Sincere
greetings to everyone."
[German] "Warm greetings to everyone."
[Urdu] "Peace be upon you...
[Urdu] "We. the
inhabitants of this earth...
[Urdu] "send our greetings to you."
[Vietnamese] "Sincerely
sending greetings to you."
[Turkish] "Dear
Turkish-speaking friends...
[Turkish] "...may the honors of
the morning be upon your heads."
[Japanese] "How are you?"
[Hindi] "Greetings from
the inhabitants of the earth."
[Welsh] "Good health
to you now and forever."
[Italian] "Many greetings and wishes."
[Sinhala] "Wish You a Long Life."
[Zulu (isiZulu)] "We
greet you. great ones...
wish you longevity."
[Sotho (Sesotho)] "We
greet you. O great ones."
[Wu] "Best wishes to you all."
[Armenian] "To all those who exist...
[Armenian] "in the
universe. greetings."
[Korean] "Hello"
[Polish] "Welcome. beings
from beyond the world."
[Nepali] "Wishing you a peaceful
future from the earthlings."
[Mandarin Chinese] "How's everyone?
We all very much wish to meet you...
[Mandarin Chinese] "if you're
free please come and visit."
[Ila] "We wish all of you well."
[Swedish] "Greetings from
a computer programmer in...
[Swedish] "the small university
town of Ithaca on the planet Earth."
[Nyanja] "How are all you people of..."
[French] "Hello. everyone."
[Burmese] "Are you well?"
[Hebrew] "Peace."
[Spanish] "Hello and
greetings to everyone."
[Indonesian] "Good night.
ladies and gentlemen."
[Indonesian] "Goodbye
and see you next time."
[Kechua (Quechua)] "Hello
to everybody from this Earth...
[Kechua (Quechua)]
"...in Quechua language."
[Punjabi] "Welcome home. It
is a pleasure to receive you."
[Hittite] "Greetings."
[Bengali] "Hello! Let there
be peace everywhere."
[Latin] "Greetings to
you. whoever you are...
[Latin] "...we have
good will towards you...
[Latin] "...and bring
peace across space."
[Aramaic] "Hello"
[Dutch] "Sincere
greetings to everyone."
[German] "Warm greetings to everyone."
[Urdu] "Peace be upon you...
[Urdu] "We. the
inhabitants of this earth...
[Urdu] "send our greetings to you."
[Ganda (Luganda)] "Greetings
to all peoples of the universe...
[Ganda (Luganda)] "God
give you peace always."
[Marathi] "Greetings. The people of the Earth send their
good wishes and hope you find good fortune in this life."
[Amoy] "Friends from
space. how are you all?
[Amoy] "Have you eaten yet?
Come visit us if you have time."
[Czech] "Dear Friends.
we wish you the best."
[Kannada] "Greetings. On behalf of
Kannada-speaking people. 'good wishes'."
[Rajasthani] "Hello to everyone...
[Rajasthani] "We are happy
here and you be happy there."
[Ancient Greek] "Greetings to you. whoever you
are. We come in friendship to those who are friends."
[Portuguese] "Peace and
happiness to everyone."
[Akkadian] "May all be very well."
[Russian] "Greetings! I welcome you!"
[Thai] "Hello friends from..."
[French] "Hello. everyone."
[Serbian] "We wish you all
the best. from our planet."
[Oriya] "Greetings
to the inhabitants of...
[Oriya] "the universe from the
third planet Earth of the star Sun"
[Ganda (Luganda)] "Greetings
to all peoples of the universe...
[Ganda (Luganda)] "God
give you peace always."
[Marathi] "Greetings. The people of the Earth send their
good wishes and hope you find good fortune in this life."
[Amoy] "Friends from
space. how are you all?
[Amoy] "Have you eaten yet?
Come visit us if you have time."
[Hungarian] "We are sending greetings in the Hungarian
language to all peace-loving beings on the Universe."
[Telugu] "Greetings. Best wishes
from Telugu-speaking people."
[Czech] "Dear Friends.
we wish you the best."
[Kannada] "Greetings. On behalf of
Kannada-speaking people. 'good wishes'."
[Rajasthani] "Hello to everyone...
[Rajasthani] "We are happy
here and you be happy there."
Timeline & Subtitles: MontageSubs